Za/konaproofs docs (#1922)
ethereum-optimism/docs: chain-operators/guides/features/switching-to-kona-proofs.mdx

description: Learn how to switch your OP Stack chain to use Kona-based fault proofs as the respected game type.
---

## Overview

| Parameter               | Type    | Current (typical) | Target when switching | Notes                                                |
| ----------------------- | ------- | ----------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Respected game type     | Enum    | `CANNON` (0)      | `CANNON_KONA` (8)      | Determines which game type is used for withdrawals  |
| `OP_PROPOSER_GAME_TYPE` | Number  | 0                 | 8                      | Proposer game type (must match respected game type) |
| `cannonPrestate`        | Bytes32 | Set               | Set                    | Must be a valid `cannon64` prestate hash            |
| `cannonKonaPrestate`    | Bytes32 | Set               | Set                    | Must be a valid `cannon64-kona` prestate hash       |

Kona proofs use the `kona-client` fault proof program, which is a combination of `kona-node` and `op-reth`. This runs alongside the existing `op-program` (a combination of `op-node` and `op-geth`). Both programs:

- Use Cannon as the FPVM, and  

> - Use the same dispute game implementation (`FaultDisputeGame.sol`).

Reviewer: it's the other way around:
```suggestion
- Are used by the same dispute game implementation (`FaultDisputeGame.sol`).
```
